docs: Added integration instruction (#64)
pagerinc/metrics-client: README.md

module.exports = startServer();
```

> ### Annotations

Reviewer: Not really relevant to the plugin - I'm fine with this living on the example chart

```yaml
annotations:
  prometheus.io/scrape: "true"
  prometheus.io/port: {{ .Values.service.internalPort | quote }}
```

### Readiness and Liveness

> Readiness probes are designed to let Kubernetes know when your app is ready to serve traffic. Similarly, liveness probes let Kubernetes know if your app is alive or dead. Metric-client plugin is also support health check and needs to be added to the deployment file under container details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics-client plugin includes a `/health` endpoint to enable [readiness and liveness probes][k8s-probes] on your hapi server.

[k8s-probes]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-probes/
```

```yaml
livenessProbe:
  httpGet:
    path: /health
    port: {{ .Values.service.internalPort }} 
  initialDelaySeconds: 15
  timeoutSeconds: 1
readinessProbe:
  httpGet:
    path: /health
    port: {{ .Values.service.internalPort }}
  initialDelaySeconds: 15
  timeoutSeconds: 1
```

### Internal Ports 

> Prometheus server Kubernetes service discovery configuration is going to search running server on kubernetes cluster. It will use  default server port `3000`. Thus, metrics-client must start at default port `3000`. If the server is not already running on port `3000`, it should be added on containers details.  

Reviewer: Perhaps mention both `prometheus.io/scrape` and `prometheus.io/port` annotations here - `PORT` env is optional and will vary wildly across projects.

```yaml
env:

>   - name: PORT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: PORT
```
